README.md, before:

# Monkeycode
Ever gotten a bunch of monkey emojis like this one 🙈 in an IM like WhatsApp and wondered what meaning hides behind this mysterious language?

**Well. Wonder no more!** because now we have the *monkeycode*-encoding. It has some great properties:

* You can encode any type of digital data. Like Text, Pictures or even data that is already encoded in Monkeycode.
	* As you can see, this property already makes monkeycode way superior to UTF-8, because UTF-8 can only encode characters! What were they thinking??????
* Very efficient. ***Only 12 times larger*** than the original data, depending on the used encoding.
	* Since modern computers are so much faster and have so much more memory I would not consider this waste at all!
* You can also use this encoding to design stylish and very individualistic thumbnails for your very own beauty-themed YouTube-channel.
* Great for breaking your terminal emulator's and/or text editor's poor Unicode support.

# Contributing
🙊🐵🐵🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙈🙉🙈🙉🐵🙊🙈🙈🐵🙉🙈🐵🙈🙊🙈🙊🐵🙊🙈🙉🙊🙉🐵🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🙉🙈🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙈🙈🙊🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🐵🙉🙈🙉🐵🙊🙈🙈🙈🙉🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🙈🙊🙈🙊🐵🙊🙈🙈🙉🙉🙈🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙈🙉🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🙊🙉🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙉🙉🙈🙈🙈🙉🙈🙈🙉🙊🙈🙊🐵🙉🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🐵🙈🙉🙈🙈🙈🙉🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙊🙈🙊🙈🙈🐵🙉🐵

Commit message:

Adds "Building"-Section to README

README.md, after:

# Monkeycode
Ever gotten a bunch of monkey emojis like this one 🙈 in an IM like WhatsApp and wondered what meaning hides behind this mysterious language?

**Well. Wonder no more!** because now we have the *monkeycode*-encoding. It has some great properties:

* You can encode any type of digital data. Like Text, Pictures or even data that is already encoded in Monkeycode.
	* As you can see, this property already makes monkeycode way superior to UTF-8, because UTF-8 can only encode characters! What were they thinking??????
* Very efficient. ***Only 12 times larger*** than the original data, depending on the used encoding.
	* Since modern computers are so much faster and have so much more memory I would not consider this waste at all!
* You can also use this encoding to design stylish and very individualistic thumbnails for your very own beauty-themed YouTube-channel.
* Great for breaking your terminal emulator's and/or text editor's poor Unicode support.

# Building
The rust compiler and cargo are required.
For a release build use
    cargo build --release
For a debug build use
    cargo build

# Contributing
🙊🐵🐵🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙈🙉🙈🙉🐵🙊🙈🙈🐵🙉🙈🐵🙈🙊🙈🙊🐵🙊🙈🙉🙊🙉🐵🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🙉🙈🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙈🙈🙊🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🐵🙉🙈🙉🐵🙊🙈🙈🙈🙉🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🙈🙊🙈🙊🐵🙊🙈🙈🙉🙉🙈🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙈🙉🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙈🙊🙉🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙉🙉🙈🙈🙈🙉🙈🙈🙉🙊🙈🙊🐵🙉🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🐵🙈🙉🙈🙈🙈🙉🙈🐵🐵🙉🐵🙉🙊🙉🙈🙊🙊🙉🙈🙊🙈🙊🙈🙈🐵🙉🐵
